the arrival of Imperial allies in the
Great War was a devastating blow from
which Republic never fully recovered
this was the second step in the Sith
Emperor's master plan recent republic
strategic information reports prove that
the rise of the Mandalorians was
orchestrated by imperial intelligence we
know extremely little about this shadowy
organization but imperial intelligence
operatives are clearly just as deadly as
it sits superiors the galaxy's criminal
networks wavered endlessly during the
Great War debating whether to back the
Republic or the Empire although the Hutt
cartels resented the Sith Emperor for
not including them in his pre-war
conspiracy imperial intelligence somehow
blocked the Republic's efforts to win
the Hutt support scattered around the
galaxy Mandalorian mercenaries and
bounty hunters face the same choice as
the Hutt's some signed on with the
Empire but most remained independent
Imperial diplomats made repeated
attempts to recruit the galaxy's most
infamous bounty hunters but were turned
down every time the Empire shifted its
tactics
mandalorian mercenaries and bounty
hunters often fought as gladiators for
money and glory a mark of Honor in the
Mandalorian culture Imperial agents use
this to their advantage infiltrating the
most prominent claret Oriole arenas in
the galaxy as managers and sponsors and
even in some cases as gladiators
themselves the Imperial agents singled
out a proud young gladiator to be their
pawn this young lady ER had always fared
well in the arena but with his new
Imperial allies his rise was accelerated
to unprecedented levels living arena
fights is not unheard of but Imperial
agents brazenly sabotage the entire
system by drugging their champions
competition none could stand against him
the whispers of Imperial agents became
cheers in the arena mandala mandala the
ancient title of ultimate warrior king
was thrust upon the young gladiator his
infamy grew and when he called the
Mandalorians rallied to their new master
the new Mandalore secretly served
masters of his own however Imperial
agents pulled their puppet strings and a
Mandalorian army blockaded the hydian
way and challenged the Jedi though the
blockade was eventually broken the stage
was set for the sacking of corason and
the uneasy truce which now paralyzes the
Republic the Mandalorian synthol ions
remains intact to this day that could
change if the original ruse was brought
to light but the Imperial Intelligence
covers its tracks too well Mandalore was
slain recently and his killer the new
Mandalore has taken his place whether or
not he's another Imperial puppet remains
to be seen but we must watch him closely
imperial agent success in bringing the
Mandalorians who the war was the counter
play to the Republic's first string of
victories the subject of my next report